Use address type (IP vs DNS) configured by ListenerClass (#233)
stackabletech/listener-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Listener.status.addresses now allows users to configure whether they prefer IP addresses or DNS hostnames ([#233]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Listener.spec.preferredAddressType` now allows users to configure whether they prefer IP addresses or DNS hostnames ([#233]).
```

Author: The configuration field is in `ListenerClass`. It should probably be something closer to "`Listener.status.addresses` can now be configured to..."

Author: 9c2ce25586bacc779e0dfedd95d674b704ddf023

Reviewer: works for me

### Changed

- Listener.status.addresses for NodePort listeners now includes replicas that are currently unavailable ([#231]).

> - Listener.status.addresses now defaults to DNS hostnames for all service types (previously NodePort and ClusterIP would prefer IP addresses, [#233]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Listener.status.addresses` now defaults to DNS hostnames for all service types (previously NodePort and ClusterIP would prefer IP addresses [#233]).
```
